OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
The following text is the property of Wizards of the Coast, Inc. and is Copyright 2000 Wizards of the Coast, Inc (“Wizards”). All Rights Reserved.
1. Definitions: (a)”Contributors” means the copyright and/or trademark owners who have contributed Open Game Content; (b)”Derivative Material” means copyrighted material including derivative works and translations (including into other computer languages), potation, modification, correction, addition, extension, upgrade, improvement, compilation, abridgment or other form in which an existing work may be recast, transformed or adapted; (c) “Distribute” means to reproduce, license, rent, lease, sell, broadcast, publicly display, transmit or otherwise distribute; (d)”Open Game Content” means the game mechanic and includes the methods, procedures, processes and routines to the extent such content does not embody the Product Identity and is an enhancement over the prior art and any additional content clearly identified as Open Game Content by the Contributor, and means any work covered by this License, including translations and derivative works under copyright law, but specifically excludes Product Identity. (e) “Product Identity” means product and product line names, logos and identifying marks including trade dress; artifacts; creatures characters; stories, storylines, plots, thematic elements, dialogue, incidents, language, artwork, symbols, designs, depictions, likenesses, formats, poses, concepts, themes and graphic, photographic and other visual or audio representations; names and descriptions of characters, spells, enchantments, personalities, teams, personas, likenesses and special abilities; places, locations, environments, creatures, equipment, magical or supernatural abilities or effects, logos, symbols, or graphic designs; and any other trademark or registered trademark clearly identified as Product identity by the owner of the Product Identity, and which specifically excludes the Open Game Content; (f) “Trademark” means the logos, names, mark, sign, motto, designs that are used by a Contributor to identify itself or its products or the associated products contributed to the Open Game License by the Contributor (g) “Use”, “Used” or “Using” means to use, Distribute, copy, edit, format, modify, translate and otherwise create Derivative Material of Open Game Content. (h) “You” or “Your” means the licensee in terms of this agreement.
2. The License: This License applies to any Open Game Content that contains a notice indicating that the Open Game Content may only be Used under and in terms of this License. You must affix such a notice to any Open Game Content that you Use. No terms may be added to or subtracted from this License except as described by the License itself. No other terms or conditions may be applied to any Open Game Content distributed using this License.
3.Offer and Acceptance: By Using the Open Game Content You indicate Your acceptance of the terms of this License.
4. Grant and Consideration: In consideration for agreeing to use this License, the Contributors grant You a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license with the exact terms of this License to Use, the Open Game Content.
5.Representation of Authority to Contribute: If You are contributing original material as Open Game Content, You represent that Your Contributions are Your original creation and/or You have sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License.
6.Notice of License Copyright: You must update the COPYRIGHT NOTICE portion of this License to include the exact text of the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any Open Game Content You are copying, modifying or distributing, and You must add the title, the copyright date, and the copyright holder’s name to the COPYRIGHT NOTICE of any original Open Game Content you Distribute.
7. Use of Product Identity: You agree not to Use any Product Identity, including as an indication as to compatibility, except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of each element of that Product Identity. You agree not to indicate compatibility or co-adaptability with any Trademark or Registered Trademark in conjunction with a work containing Open Game Content except as expressly licensed in another, independent Agreement with the owner of such Trademark or Registered Trademark. The use of any Product Identity in Open Game Content does not constitute a challenge to the ownership of that Product Identity. The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights, title and interest in and to that Product Identity.
8. Identification: If you distribute Open Game Content You must clearly indicate which portions of the work that you are distributing are Open Game Content.
9. Updating the License: Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License. You may use any authorized version of this License to copy, modify and distribute any Open Game Content originally distributed under any version of this License.
10 Copy of this License: You MUST include a copy of this License with every copy of the Open Game Content You Distribute.
11. Use of Contributor Credits: You may not market or advertise the Open Game Content using the name of any Contributor unless You have written permission from the Contributor to do so.
12 Inability to Comply: If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Open Game Content due to statute, judicial order, or governmental regulation then You may not Use any Open Game Material so affected.
13 Termination: This License will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with all terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses shall survive the termination of this License.
14 Reformation: If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
Section 15
15 COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Open Game License v 1.0a, © 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.
System Reference Document, © 2000, Wizards of the Coast, Inc.; Authors: Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, Skip Williams, based on material by E. Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.
Advanced Player’s Guide, © 2010, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Author: Jason Bulmahn. Anger of Angels, © 2003, Sean K Reynolds.
Book of Fiends, © 2003, Green Ronin Publishing; Authors: Aaron Loeb, Erik Mona, Chris Pramas, Robert J. Schwalb.
Armies of the Abyss © 2002, Green Ronin Publishing; Authors: Erik Mona and Chris Pramas.
The Avatar’s Handbook © 2003, Green Ronin Publishing; Authors: Jesse Decker and Chris Thomasson.
Book of the Righteous © 2002, Aaron Loeb.
Legions of Hell © 2001, Green Ronin Publishing; Author: Chris Pramas.
The Unholy Warrior’s Handbook © 2003, Green Ronin Publishing; Author: Robert J. Schwalb.
Monte Cook’s Arcana Unearthed, © 2003, Monte J. Cook.
Pathfinder RPG Core Rulebook, © 2009, Paizo Publishing, LLC; Author: Jason Bulmahn, based on material by Jonathan Tweet, Monte Cook, and Skip Williams.
Pathfinder Roleplaying Game Advanced Class Guide, © 2014, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Dennis Baker, Ross Byers, Jesse Benner, Savannah Broadway, Jason Bulmahn, Jim Groves, Tim Hitchcock, Tracy Hurley, Jonathan H. Keith, Will McCardell, Dale C. McCoy, Jr., Tom Phillips, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Thomas M. Reid, Sean K Reynolds, Tork Shaw, Owen K.C. Stephens, and Russ Taylor.
Tome of Horrors, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott Greene, with Clark Peterson, Erica Balsley, Kevin Baase, Casey Christofferson, Lance Hawvermale, Travis Hawvermale, Patrick Lawinger, and Bill Webb; Based on original content from TSR.
Angel, Monadic Deva from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Angel, Movanic Deva from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Daemon, Guardian from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Ian McDowall.
Daemon, Piscodaemon from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Daemon, Nabasu from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Demon Lord, Orcus from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene and Clark Peterson, based on material by Gary Gygax
Demon, Shadow from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Neville White.
Dragon, Faerie from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Flind and Flindbar from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by J.D. Morris
Froghemoth from the Tome of Horrors, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Genie, Marid from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Authors: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Grippli from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Authors: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Hippocampus from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Authors: Scott Greene and Erica Balsley, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Huecuva from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Underworld Oracle.
Ice Golem from the Tome of Horrors, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene.
Iron Cobra from the Tome of Horrors, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Philip Masters.
Kech from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Marid from the Tome of Horrors III, © 2005, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene 
Mihstu from the Tome of Horrors, Revised, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott
Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Nabasu Demon from the Tome of Horrors, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by E. Gary Gygax.
Poltergeist from the Tome of Horrors Complete © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Lewis Pulsipher.
Muckdweller from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Quickling from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax.
Skulk from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Simon Muth.
Spriggan from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc., published and distributed by Frog God Games; Authors: Scott Greene and Erica Balsley, based on original material by Roger Moore and Gary Gygax.
Troll, Ice from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Russell Cole
Wood Golem from the Tome of Horrors, © 2002, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Authors: Scott Greene and Patrick Lawinger.
Yeti from the Tome of Horrors Complete, © 2011, Necromancer Games, Inc.; Author: Scott Greene, based on original material by Gary Gygax
Pathfinder Core Rulebook (Second Edition) © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Designers: Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, and Mark Seifter.
Pathfinder Lost Omens Character Guide (Second Edition) © 2019, Paizo Inc.; Authors: John Compton, Sasha Lindley Hall, Amanda Hamon, Mike Kimmel, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Matt Morris, Patchen Mortimer, Andrew Mullen, Mikhail Rekun, Micheal Sayre, Owen K.C. Stephens, Isabelle Thorne, and Linda Zayas-Palmer.
Pathfinder Advanced Player’s Guide © 2020, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Amirali Attar Olyaee, Alexander Augunas, Kate Baker, Brian Bauman, Logan Bonner, Carlos Cabrera, James Case, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, Paris Crenshaw, Jesse Decker, Fabby Garza Marroquín, Steven Hammond, Sasha Laranoa Harving, Joan Hong, Nicolas Hornyak, Vanessa Hoskins, James Jacobs, Erik Keith, Lyz Liddell, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Patchen Mortimer, Dennis Muldoon, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Jessica Redekop, Mikhail Rekun, Alex Riggs, David N. Ross, Michael Sayre, Mark Seifter, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Jason Tondro, Clark Valentine, and Andrew White.
Pathfinder Lost Omens Ancestry Guide (Second Edition) © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Calder CaDavid, James Case, Jessica Catalan, Eleanor Ferron, Lyz Liddell, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Patchen Mortimer, Andrew Mullen, Samantha Phelan, Jessica Redekop, Mikhail Rekun, David N. Ross, Mark Seifter, Owen K.C. Stephens, Isabelle Thorne, and Linda Zayas-Palmer.
Pathfinder Lost Omens Grand Bazaar © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Tineke Bolleman, Logan Bonner, Jessica Catalan, Dominique Dickey, Dana Ebert, Steven Hammond, Sen H.H.S., Dustin Knight, Avi Kool, Aaron Lascano, Carlos Luna, Ron Lundeen, Sydney Meeker, Randal Meyer, Jacob Michaels, Matt Morris, Andrew Mullen, Ianara Natividad, Dave Nelson, Jessica Redekop, Nathan Reinecke, Erin Roberts, David N. Ross, Simone Sallé, Mark Seifter, Shay Snow, Ashton Sperry, Amber Stewart, Andrew Stoeckle, Isabelle Thorne, Jason Tondro, and Scott D. Young.
Pathfinder Guns & Gears © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Logan Bonner, Jessica Catalan, John
Compton, Andrew D. Geels, Steven Hammond, Sen H.H.S., Brent Holtsberry, Jason Keeley, Dustin Knight, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Chris Mastey, Liane Merciel, Jacob W. Michaels, Dave Nelson, Samantha Phelan, Mikhail Rekun, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Sydney Meeker, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Michael Sayre., Mark Seifter, Andrew Stoeckle, Calliope Lee Taylor, Andrew White, and Scott D. Young.
Pathfinder Secrets of Magic © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Amirali Attar Olyaee, Kate Baker, Minty Belmont, Logan Bonner, James Case, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, Katina Davis, Jesse Decker, Chris Eng, Eleanor Ferron, Leo Glass, Joan Hong, Vanessa Hoskins, Jason Keeley, Joshua Kim, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Liane Merciel, David N. Ross, Ianara Natividad, Chesley Oxendine, Stephen Radney-MacFarland, Shiv Ramdas, Mikhail Rekun, Simone D. Sallé, Michael Sayre, Mark Seifter, Sen H.H.S., Shay Snow, Kendra Leigh Speedling, Tan Shao Han, Calliope Lee Taylor, Mari Tokuda, Jason Tondro, Clark Valentine, Ruvaid Virk, Andrew White, Landon Winkler, Tonya Woldridge, and Isis Wozniakowska.
Kitsune of Golarion © 2021, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Alexander Augunas, Joan Hong, Dustin Knight, Ruvaid Virk, Sky Mahpiya Wall; Editors Aly Chen.
Legendary Shamans: Second Edition (PF2) © 2021, Legendary Games; Author Dustin Knight and Tony Saunders.
Pathfinder Book of the Dead © 2022, Paizo Inc.; Authors: Brian Bauman, Tineke Bolleman. Logan Bonner, Jason Bulmahn, Jessica Catalan, John Compton, Chris Eng, Logan Harper, Michelle Jones, Jason Keeley, Luis Loza, Ron Lundeen, Liane Merciel, Patchen Mortimer, Quinn Murphy, Jessica Redekop, Mikhail Rekun, Solomon St. John, Michael Sayre, Mark Seifter, Sen.H.H.S., Kendra Leigh Speedling, Jason Tondro, Andrew White.
Infiknight Archetypes: Star Spinners © 2022, Author: Dustin Knight; Editor Aly Chen.